so my oven is preheating to 350 degrees
I'm going to mix up my hash brown
casserole in the 9 by 13 pan which is
what it's going to be baked in because I
don't have a big enough bowl to mix
everything so this does make kind of a
lot so be forewarned I'm going to add in
one can of cream of chicken soup I've
seen some recipes online call for cream
of mushroom soup
it is not cream of mushroom it is cream
of chicken and to this I'm going to add
a quarter of a cup which is half a stick
of melted margarine you can use butter
if you so choose
however cracker-barrel does not at that
end
next tip is my cheese this is two cups
of Colby cheese that has been put into
the food processor and chopped up fine
it is an 8 ounce block of Colby cheese
almost all the recipes I've seen online
call for cheddar and Cracker Barrell
does not use cheddar they use Colby
which is why a lot of times it does not
taste exactly like cracker barrels it
may be close and it may be very good in
its own right but what we're going for
is actual cracker barrels hash brown
casserole same thing goes for sour cream
a lot of the recipes call for sour cream
Cracker Barrel does not put sour cream
in there so I'm not going to in mind
next up is half of an onion that has
been diced up and then finally if you
want this more like Cracker Barrel
you're going to add more salt than I do
but I add half a teaspoon to this
there's plenty enough salt in the soup
too as well as the cheese to salt
everything but and then 1/2 a teaspoon
of black pepper now I'm just going to
mix this up until it's well combined now
that this is all mixed up I'm going to
add in my hash browns I'm using frozen
shredded hash browns that have been
thawed
you don't use frozen and I'm going to
use two pounds of hash browns
unfortunately these bags come in 26 mm
size so I'm going to use one full bag
and about a handful of potatoes out of
another bag
and I'm going to do something that they
even do in the restaurant make sure you
have clean hands and just mix this up
until all of the hash browns are covered
with your sauce mixed well and once you
get that all mixed up go ahead and wash
your hands
make sure you pat it out in a leaving
even layer
you don't want to mash this down you
don't want to compress it just leave it
kind of loose but make it take up the
entire pan and now I'm going to put this
in my preheated oven again 350 degrees
Fahrenheit for 45 to 50 minutes just
until it starts bubbling and starts to
get a nice crust around the edge and
when that time is up I will be back and
after it comes out of the oven this is
what it will look like you want to go
ahead and let this rest for about 10
minutes or so before you dive into it
if you really want it like Cracker
Barrell go ahead and let it sit for a
half hour 45 minutes and it'll get to be
the exact consistency of cracker
burroughs hash brown casserole but
anyway that is how you make a hash brown
casserole Cracker Barrel style
hope you guys enjoy and thanks so much
for watching
you